[clang-tidy] Fix false positive in bugprone-use-after-move for std::tie (#192895)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

Changes in existing checks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Improved :doc:`bugprone-use-after-move

Reviewer: Please maintain alphabetical order :)

  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/use-after-move>` check to no longer emit a
  false positive when a moved-from variable is reinitialized via a
  ``std::tie()`` assignment (e.g. ``std::tie(a, b) = f(std::move(a),
  std::move(b))``). The tuple assignment writes back through the stored
  references, which fully reinitializes the captured variables.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  - Avoid false positives when moving object to a base type then accessing
    non-base members.

>   - No longer emit a false positive when a moved-from variable is reinitialized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix a false positive when a moved-from variable is reinitialized
```
